a lifetime has passed since the horrific
events of Taco Tuesday our lives send it
into chaos this new life has toughened
and hardened two copies please
one black one with just a touch of cream
and 25 sugars
well toughened most of us I wake up in
the morning morning good morning sewer
babies and it you've got to stop
pretending everything is awesome
it isn't yeah I get it and that's why
I've cultivated a totally hard-edged
side that's super tough and
Oh No something new
what is it thought too but that beat is
pretty fresh
[Music]
it's like it knows our every move weird
right this guy is special this guy was a
fierce warrior
okay well technically I did the warrior
serve so you fought a masterbuilt and
hit but and then the hapless male was
the leader here well
hang on to your fronds planning we're
going to save Lucy and all of the other
people who were captured
[Music]
behold the sISTAR sister do not give her
the satisfaction of wooing miss
[Music]